[Music]
a
Mother, I am here today
because of your
deep kindness, Mother. I didn't
know, Mother, you suffered so much in the
kitchen, you stayed up all night holding me, your
arms warm and
comforting. When I was unfaithful, you cried and
endured humiliation.
Oh,
Mother,
I became wiser in your
tears, wiser
in the hunger and suffering of my father. I was foolish and unfaithful, I
betrayed my mother and
father, I was foolish and
committed so many sins, so much
bitterness, trampled upon my parents. Mother,
father,
please accept my apology, please
accept my repentance. Mother's kindness, Father's merit, I will repay it all.
Please accept my
repentance, the
kindness of my parents, I will never forget.
[Music]
Mother, I am here today
because of your
deep kindness, Mother. I didn't
know, Mother, you suffered so much in the
kitchen, you stayed up all night
holding me, your arms warm and
comforting. When I was unfaithful, you endured so much
humiliation. Oh,
Mother,
[Music]
Oh, I am wiser
in  The mother's tears
flowed in the bitter hunger and suffering of
her son, who had foolishly betrayed his mother. Father and
son,
foolishly committed many
sins, causing much bitterness and suffering to their parents. Father,
please accept my apology, please accept my
repentance.
Mother, I will repay your kindness. I will
never forget your kindness. I will
never
forget your kindness. [Music]
[Music]
[Applause]